the parakeets are not what they seem
 - parakeets show up whenever shit is getting weird

Common Routes
=============

Sussex Route:
 tl;dr You find a mysterious numbers station on your war dialing.
 Your friend Alex gets excited. A few days later, he goes missing. His body is never found.
 -- UNKNOWN --
 At the end of the year, your friend Char suddenly vanishes, alongside her entire family.
  Her mobile number is disconnected. Her online accounts are suddenly scrubbed.

Kent Route:
 tl;dr You decide to delete the log of the call on the war dialing. Alex never finds it. But he does
 notice it was deleted.
 A few days later, he is found murdered.
 -- UNKNOWN --
 Eventually, you find out Char is behind the murder. But she suddenly vanishes again, under similarr
 circumstances.

Suffolk Route:
 You bury your head in the ground and just go to your lessons. The coward's route.
 Char kills Alex in a murder-suicide. The school is disbanded after massive ethics violations are
 found, especially involving the school's attempted cover-up. You move away and kill yourself at
 age 20.

Truth Routes
============

The Truth:
 Set at the end of the Sussex route. You find Char at a seemingly abandoned military complex you
 found after your other friend Cate investigates everything. You find her and confront her.

 She reveals that she is an "Archangel", the UK government's name for a species of Type III aliens
 that they have attempted to undergo contact with since 2009. The murder was a result of the host
 body being driven insane by the alien possession. Char notes that she is now a hybrid of the
 alien's knowledge, and her personality, but she's still missing one part.

 You agree to let her alien guest "absorb" into you, under the promise that together, you'll rule
 the world. You succumb to her insanity alongside.

The Reality:
 Set at the end of the Kent route. You find Char in the local river you like to frequent, lying face
 down. You recover her, and she goes into a brief coma in the hospital.

 After two days, she wakes up, but is refusing food due to her "allergies", but you remember you
 took lunch home for her one day because the minifridge in your club room was breaking down. You
 bring it to her and she agrees to eat it. The nurse notices some "white seasoning", and sends it
 for analysis. It turns out to be a common antipsychotic.

 The doctors dose her with more antipsychotics, assuming she was a non-compliant schizo or something,
 but it backfires and she goes mental again. They take her off and they come to the conclusion that
 her parents were likely drugging her.

 As these meals came from the school, the school is complicit. A raid and investigation into the
 school finds out that there was an under the table agreement with many parents that the school
 would drug "difficult" students, and ensure they stay at the school for 7 hours a day to get them
 out of their parents hair.

 Char confesses to the murder of Alex. In her drugged up state, she thought that government agents
 were stalking her. The deleted log showed that he was collaborating with the government, and had
 covered up his tracks "badly". Later that night, she kills herself out of guilt.

 You become even more and more detached from reality at the knowledge your actions indirectly
 resulted in the deaths of two people.
